Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hello, and welcome to Top Gear.
Two things I'm looking forward
to in tonight's show.
First, we are testing a
real smorgasbord of cars.
We've got supercars,
grand tourers and hot hatches.
Second, I got to say smorgasbord.
Smorgasbord.
I love saying smorgasbord.
OK, now, as anyone who
has a couple of kids knows,
the worst thing you can do
is buy them one toy
and tell them to share it.
Never ends well.
So the producers thought
it'd be funny to see
if the same is true for presenters.
So they told Chris and I
to both go and review
the latest 200mph British
grand tourer in sunny Spain.
This is Spain?
I thought Spain was
supposed to be warm.
This is the Sierra Nevada, Matthew.
The highest road in Europe,
therefore it gets a bit
nippy up here.
Ooh, look.
That is...
..stunning. Look at that.
Welcome to the new
Bentley Continental GT.
£150,000 of tailored British luxury,
which Bentley claims is the finest
grand tourer ever produced.
- It's beautiful. - Yeah.
You know, if there was one of those
at the top of every mountain,
- I would definitely climb more
mountains. - Yeah, absolutely.
So I guess all we have to do now
is decide who's driving first.
So we should probably just...
No, no, no, off you go.
There you go, there you go.
- You missed. - Such a bellend.
- He always gets his own way.
- That's nice.
What are you doing?
- It's quite slippery,
you might have noticed. - Get in.
Don't feel bad.
Look, you're just smaller
and weaker.
- I very nearly had you there,
you know that. - Please.
I was checking my phone
with the other hand.
Whatever. Just be really,
really careful.
I'm a terrible passenger.
This just looks dangerous to me.
Stop being so panicky.
We've got four-wheel drive.
Four-wheel drive when
you're going slowly.
The faster you go, this thing
becomes two-wheel drive,
- rear-wheel drive. - Really? - Yes.
So the faster you go,
the more dangerous it gets?
This feels very safe.
Stop cocking about.
Ho-ho!
Stop right here.
Well, I think I speak
for myself when I say
that I'm glad that's over.
OK, first impressions?
Bentley's new grand tourer
is definitely cut out for winter.
But now, on proper tarmac,
the real road test could begin.
- Hey, can you move your seat
back a little bit? - Yeah, sure.
Bit more.
- A bit more. Yeah, tilt it
right back. - Why?
Well, I've just got a little
business to take care of.
So, the Bentley Continental GT
first arrived back in 2003.
This is now the third generation
of the car.
What are you doing?
- I'm reviewing the car. - What?
- They told us to review the car.
They told US to review the car,
not you to review the car.
Well, we can't both review the car.
It's not a duet.
Just stay back there.
No-one will even know you're here.
- This is just demeaning.
- It's not demeaning.
Hey, you got anything
you could pop on your head?
We're getting a little bit
of a glare off your dome.
Are you for real?
The Bentley Continental GT
first arrived back in 2003.
This is the third generation
of the car.
This is a car for people who want
to drive very far, very fast...
You said "car" twice
in that sentence.
And I think the audience
knows it's a car.
It's got four wheels,
it's sort of car-shaped.
Are you done?
This...
I can touch your nose, look.
This was going to be a long trip.
Now, as I was saying,
this is the Bentley Continental GT,
which first arrived back in 2003.
But this is the third generation
of the car,
and it is by far the best one yet,
because it's lighter, faster and
more comfortable than ever before.
It's got 626 horsepower.
It'll do 0 to 60 in 3.7 seconds...
..and it won't top out
until 207mph.
This...
So close! It was so close.
- I knew you were going to interrupt
me. - It was so close.
- I knew you were going
to interrupt me. -!
Really, there is no more
soothing way
to rack up a massive speeding fine.
- Don't forget the armrests. - Why?
- The armrests.
- Why? - I'll show you.
Just pull over and stop.
- But I only just got started.
- Just stop!
- Where you going?
- I'll be back in a minute.
Where is he going?
He's a funny little fella, isn't he?
OK, so...
- What is that? - It's a cup of coffee.
Where did you get that?
- So, you've just bought your new
Bentley Continental GT. -
- Over 150 grand of your hard-earned.
- Yeah.
You get into it to go to work,
- you want to have a coffee
in the morning. - Yeah.
So you put your coffee in there,
and you think,
"I'll just adjust the armrest
so it's nice and comfy."
Move that forwards now.
- What, the armrest? - Yeah.
Well... I see.
Yeah. Well, you can't.
The coffee's in the way.
Yeah, I know.
That's a really, really poor piece
of ergonomic design.
OK, that is the first-est
of first-world problems.
I'm looking out for
the normal consumer,
who can afford to buy...
I will give you that. OK.
I will give you that,
that that is a design flaw.
- However... - ..how can you
not love a cabin that does this?
Are you ready?
- - OK. - Come on.
- OK. - Come on. That is great.
That is the future that we were
promised back in the '70s.
- That is beautiful. - That is awesome!
Yep, irritating cup-holder aside,
wafting through southern Spain
in style and comfort,
the Continental was quickly
proving the ideal tool
for eating up the miles.
In fact, the only thing
it was missing
was an off switch for my companion.
Ooh, press pack.
Get this.
"Diamond knurling aids
a luxurious touch
"using a three-dimensional
faceted surface."
I love a bit of knurling.
- You love knurling as well,
don't you? -
Frankly, knurling was
the last thing on my mind.
My back teeth were floating.
- What's wrong? - I just, er...
I really have to use the gents.
Well, just pull over here
and use the gents.
I also really don't
want you to drive,
- so I'm very conflicted. - OK.
Well...
- Funny. - Drinky?
No, thanks.
If you pull over,
I can guarantee one thing.
- What? - I will definitely steal
your driving seat.
You're like a horrible rash,
do you know that?
That's been said before.
Luckily, I'm a horrible rash
who happens to be equipped with the
bladder of a camel.
You're not going to win this.
It's by a band called Running Water.
A slash, a winkle...
..a wazzle, a wee.
A widdle, a pee.
I can't take it any more.
I can't, I can't. I've got to go.
- That bush has got your name
written all over it. -...
Let him step away.
- I'm just going to check
the rear tyres. - No!
- Just going to check the rear tyres.
- No!
Just check this one.
Yeah, they're pretty good,
those rear tyres.
Look at this.
This is more like it.
Right.
Right, my turn to review.
Now with a proper driver
at the wheel,
it was time to get stuck into
what this new Bentley
is really all about.
OK, let's talk about the engine.
Like the old Continental,
this car has a W12.
This time round,
it has dual injection,
so it means it has regular
port injection
and it also has direct injection.
Jewel? Jewel with a J?
- Jewel? - It has two forms
of injection.
- DUAL. - OK. - Dual. I got you.
Go ahead.
Now, unlike a Ferrari V12,
which is all revvy and racy,
the W12 is more relaxed.
It provides effortless performance,
which is perfect for a Bentley.
You didn't mention
the cylinder shutdown.
I was about to mention
I would've put it first,
but that's just me.
Featuring cylinder shutdown.
Basically, it shuts down half
the cylinders
when it doesn't need them.
Doesn't matter.
What does matter is how much better
this new Continental is to drive.
- What are you doing?
- Time for a little detour.
No-one who drives this car
will ever do this.
Well, I'm driving this car
and I'm doing this.
Now, how different is it
to the old Continental?
The old Continental
had a fixed torque split,
40% to the front, 60% to the rear.
This has a kind of constantly
variable torque split,
- because it has this new
electronic brain. - Torque split.
That is some sexy road-test speak
right there.
Hey, if we're lucky,
we might get a little bit
of "through the wrists".
What else have we got?
Air suspension -
even on this rocky surface,
the ride is so level,
that means you can genuinely feel
this car through the wrists.
That's it! That is the stuff.
This is like a Chris Harris
Greatest Hits album. This is great!
Sideways on gravel in a Bentley.
This is fantastic.
- Can you feel that body control?
- Body control!
Woohoo!
What I'm doing, Matthew,
even though you laugh,
is I'm telling people what they
want to hear about the car.
I'm educating them.
What you're doing is you're telling
one guy from Ipswich
what he wants to hear about the car.
Now, come on, pull over.
It's my turn to drive.
Over my dead body.
You've had your turn, OK?
I am driving for the rest
of this trip, and you know it.
Sorry to have to do that,
but you left me no choice.
See, this is what people who buy
this car are going to do.
Cover miles on the open road.
This new air suspension,
you put it in comfort and you could
almost forget you're driving it.
How's the back seat?
What's the point in boasting
about having a W12 engine
that's 24% shorter than a V12,
if a small man can't sit
in the back of it?
Sub-eight-year-olds
will be fine back here.
- And, critically, I can
administer a wet willy. -!
So this is literally like having
a child test the rear seat.
You're a filthy,
disgusting eight-year-old.
You smell horrible.
I mean, absolutely horrible.
Where are we going?
We were going to the
Continental's spiritual home...
..because people who drive Bentleys
love to eat out.
It does look way better
than before, doesn't it?
- It does, but I've got
a problem with this. - What?
- The people who drive them. - Hold on.
You can't blame the car
for the people who drive it.
You know, that's like saying, er,
those kids that wear their pants
below their ass?
It's not the pants' fault.
They're long enough,
they're just being worn wrong.
You know what I think?
I think this is the best
Bentley they've ever made.
That's a bold statement.
They've made some good Bentleys.
OK, the Bentayga?
- Uglier, not as fun to drive.
- That's true.
The Mulsanne is slower.
So this is it.
If you want to do big miles,
you want to do them really fast,
this is the best Bentley ever made.
You do give some great summary,
I'll give you that.
- Thank you. - Lovely work.
- Thank you. - I'm driving.
- But I haven't finished eating.
- Yeah, well, I've had an idea.
Come on. Come on!
Because if this Bentley
really is the best car
they've ever made for
doing big miles fast,
there was one more place
we needed to test it.
Ascari - the longest
racetrack in Spain,
and the perfect place to stretch
the Bentley's legs.
OK, let me guess.
You want me to sit here in the
passenger seat like a lemon
- while you slide this thing
around the track. - You're driving.
- Really? - Yeah.
- What's the catch? - Nothing.
- And what are you going to do?
- I'll find something to do.
Don't worry about that.
Genuinely. All yours. Enjoy.
You know, that's the thing
about Harris.
He can spend ages being
a total pain in the ass,
but when it comes right down to it,
he's really a good guy.
And the Continental GT
really is a blast.
Now, you don't think
of Bentleys as track cars,
and in sport mode,
it really hides its weight.
Surprisingly nimble.
Quick, too.
But then let's not forget
the whole history of Bentley
is intertwined with racing.
Back in the 1920s,
Bentley dominated Le Mans.
The racetrack is in its blood.
Yes. Yes, it is.
Whoa! What the hell is that?!
You know how you said
that was the best Bentley
for covering distance fast?
Matt, you're wrong,
because this is the best
Bentley for going fast,
the Speed 8.
In 2003, Bentley won
the Le Mans 24 hours...
..covering over
3,000 miles in one day.
So for covering big distances fast,
this,
this is the ultimate Bentley.
OK, hotshot. How about a race,
then?
One lap of the track.
Me in this, against you in that.
I'm sorry, you in your road car,
you want to take on this
pedigree racing machine?
Only one rule.
That's a Le Mans car, right?
So we do a Le Mans start.
Bring it on!
- Three... - Yeah. - ..two, one. Go!
You move really well
for an older guy.
Easy. Jump in, click, go.
Ho-ho! OK.
He's probably still getting
his fat butt in the thing.
Come on!
Apex here. Come on,
get in there, baby.
Bite, bite, bite.
The GT was building a lead.
But all too soon...
..the Speed 8 was in the chase.
Come on, Le Mans.
We're going to catch him!
Chris was only 18 seconds behind.
Come on, baby. Go, go, go.
I do love a racing car.
It goes 97mph in first gear.
600 horsepower.
I can handle a bit of this.
Where is he? Where is he?
Where is he?
Come on, Le Mans-winning Bentley.
Over halfway through the lap,
the GT was flying.
But the Speed 8 was reeling us in.
Shoot, there he is.
Go, go, go, go, go.
Where is he? There he is!
Come on, LeBlanc. You can do this.
You can do it!
But with Chris pushing harder
and harder to catch us...
Right there. Jeez.
..the damp track was giving
the Speed 8 trouble.
These tyres are so cold,
I've got no traction at all.
Bloody terrifying!
All right, come on, come on.
Whoa!
No way I'm going to catch him.
We got this.
Woohoo!
Now, I think - I think -
they call that a win.
Fair play.
He and that new car were too quick.
The Continental GT,
the best Bentley...
..ever.
Come on.
Good car.
Yeah, that was a great trip.
This new Bentley,
this is seriously one fast car.
I mean, faster than
the Le Mans-winning Bentley.
- Well, not exactly. - Really? - Yeah.
I definitely remember seeing you
in the rear-view mirror,
- not out the front.
- We've been through this, OK?
Slick tyres, wet track,
the track temperature
- was just above freezing - impossible
to get any heat into them. -
And secondly, the Le Mans start.
Cost me 18 seconds
doing the harness up,
and even then, a couple more
corners, I'd have had you.
Yeah. yeah, I have to say,
you were wringing that thing's neck,
- seriously, great driving.
- Thank you.
Yeah, if only we could teach you
to do up your seat belt,
you would be the total package.
Rory?
OK, let's talk hot hatches,
because things are
kicking off right now.
Mercedes A45, Ford Focus RS,
Honda Civic Type R -
serious machines.
And now it's the turn of Renault
to unleash their
new big-dog hot hatch.
And that is a big deal,
because Renault,
well, they've got form.
Yes. Renault's hot hatchback
catalogue...
..is tidy.
For starters, there's this -
the Renault 5 Turbo.
Genuine legend, this thing.
Based on a Group B rally car,
engine in the middle,
properly lairy.
This is an old-school turbo. Ha-ha!
You never know when it's going
to come on song and spit you out.
Then they did the Clio Williams.
Yep, as in Williams, the F1 team.
Gold wheels, gold-star hot hatch.
And this is the Clio V6...
..another mid-engine monster.
Lethal in the wet.
There are more of these in hedges
than there are on driveways.
Love it!
And of course there is
the legendary Megane R26.R.
Bendy windows, race harnesses,
lapped the Nurburgring faster than
any front-wheel-drive road car
before it.
That is quite a bloodline.
When it comes to properly exciting
hot hatches,
Renault wrote the book,
so their latest chapter
is going to be pretty special.
Isn't it?
Um, well...
Not really, because it's all a
bit sort of nothingy, isn't it?
I mean, where are the wings?
Where are the pointy bits?
This is supposed to be
Renault's hottest hatch ever,
and yet it kind of looks like
it was designed by a grown-up.
And that's a worry,
because to do battle
with all the crazy performance
hot hatches flying around today,
Renault needs a comic book superhero
of a car.
And then you get going.
And while its 1.8-litre
four-cylinder turbo
is Renault's most
powerful engine yet,
it only makes 277 horsepower.
That's 40 less than
a Honda Civic Type R.
The Mercedes A45 makes 100 more.
100!
Don't get me wrong,
I'm not saying that it's slow -
it'll do 0 to 60
in under six seconds.
But the fastest hot hatches
out there nowadays,
they'll do it in under five.
Same story in here, really.
The steering wheel, that's nice,
leather, Alcantara,
little red line, decent.
But where's my drift mode?
Where's my fancy four-wheel-drive
system?
Renault knows how to make
a mind-blowing hot hatch,
so how have they fallen
so far behind with the new Megane?
Well, they didn't.
Because the thing with this car is,
the old Renault DNA is still there,
it's just below the surface,
because it's...
It's DNA.
And the first win for the Renault
gene pool is the steering.
Normally that's a job
for the front wheels,
but here, the rear wheels
do it too.
Not by much, but they do steer.
At low speeds, they can angle 2.7
degrees in the opposite direction
to the front wheels,
to make you turn sharper.
And when you go in a bit quicker,
they can angle by one degree
in the same direction as the fronts,
to help stability.
One degree.
Yes, that may be a small amount,
but it makes... a big difference.
It's so agile,
it's so quick on the turning.
It might look placid, this car,
but you know what?
It's got bite.
Like a badger.
What doesn't bite is the
suspension...
..which uses hydraulic bump stops,
borrowed from the world of rallying.
In technical terms,
it's kind of a damper
inside a damper.
In nontechnical terms, well,
it means you can wang along
a bumpy road like this...
Ha-ha!
..without the front suspension
smashing through the bodywork.
How smooth was that?
Honestly, if I was in a Ford Focus
RS, I would have no teeth by now.
What we have here is a serious,
clever little hot hatch.
And the deeper you delve into it,
the more cleverness you will find.
Take that rear diffuser.
The reason the car doesn't have
massive wings on the outside
is because it generates
enough downforce on its own,
while the engine takes expertise
from Renault's Formula 1 squad.
Cylinder linings are polished
to a mirror finish
and then sprayed...
..with plasma.
I don't know why,
or what that achieves,
but, you know, plasma!
And get this - sensors
all around the car
can tell you about steering angle
and G-force and stuff.
But the coolest bit
is that you'll be able
to hook your phone up,
record your driving,
and the car will add
all that data as graphics,
so it looks like you're in
some sort of live video game.
Social media are going to love that.
As will the accident
investigating officer.
So the Megane RS is a car
for the driver
who really cares about driving.
And who really cares
about value for money.
It costs 28 grand,
which is actually pretty reasonable
by hot hatch standards.
And let's be honest,
it's not really 28 grand, is it?
Because if you buy it on finance,
which nearly everyone will,
then it's going to be
more like £300 a month,
which sounds a whole lot better.
Point is, the Megane
is a smart choice.
Sure, it might look a little plain
alongside Renault's bag-of-frogs
back catalogue,
but this is a different sort of
hot hatch.
This is a hot hatch for the guy
who loved lairy hot hatches
in the '90s, but who's grown up,
had kids
and needs something
a bit more practical.
This is a hot hatch for...
..me.
Which means I should love this car.
But I just don't quite.
This is a good car,
a really good car.
But for a hot hatch,
it's just a bit... grown-up.
Thankfully, I have the answer.
Jump Around by House of Pain
Check it out - Reid's patented
adaptable body kit.
Environmentally friendly,
fits almost any car.
Now it's a proper hot hatch.
- Slow clap. - Slow clap, no...
The old cardboard spoiler, mate,
not one of your best ideas.
I don't know!
I think it looked fantastic.
You know, while it stayed on.
- You agree? - No.
But the Megane, OK,
what you're saying is,
you don't like it because it's too
well-suited to your lifestyle?!
Well, exactly.
I can think of loads of things
that are a good idea,
like, I don't know, a pension
or going to the dentist
or kale smoothies.
OK? Good ideas
aren't always fun.
What's not fun about
a competently engineered hot hatch?
When you buy a hot hatch,
you buy it because you want to
show off a bit.
These guys will back
me up on this, OK?
And who wants to go to the pub
to discuss hydraulic bump stops?
Me.
And that is why
we don't invite you to the pub.
Look, what I'm saying is,
I don't want a car that reminds me
that I'm not 21 any more.
You're not even 31, Rory,
you're nearly 40.
And is there anything
about my outfit
that suggests I've embraced that?
That's a good point, Zippy.
Matt.
OK, now it's time to put a star
in our reasonably fast car.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please welcome to the sofa
the multi-Grammy-winning
Gregory Porter!
How are you doing?
How are you, buddy?
- Good to see you. - Hello.
- All right, take a seat.
- All right.
All right, well...
Welcome to Britain,
though you're pretty much
an honorary Brit, right?
Yeah, I'm here all the time.
Yeah, you played for
the Prime Minister, the Queen.
Yeah, both of those
very fine ladies, yes.
Yeah, OK, so tell me,
who was a better audience?
Um, the Queen is pretty...
That's pretty dope.
I mean, that's pretty amazing,
you know? Yeah, you know...
- How often's the... - She did the...
How often's the Queen referred to
as dope?
You spend a lot of time over here.
Do you do much driving over here?
I did drive for about an hour
in central London and I got about...
I got about three blocks
before I said, you know,
"I'm through with this."
But didn't you... You lived
in New York for a long time.
I lived in New York
for 13 years, but...
Isn't that worse than driving here?
It is, especially in Brooklyn.
Because there are...
There's traffic rules
and then there's Brooklyn rules.
OK.
You know, Brooklyn rules is like,
you have to take off
BEFORE it turns green,
and if you don't, you will get
yelled and cussed at.
And cars have the right of way,
you know, they...
Yeah, yeah, that's true.
If you're walking across the street,
you're fair game.
That's true, yeah.
So be careful in Brooklyn.
So we had Professor Green on
not too long ago,
and he said he writes
a lot of his songs
while he's in the car.
Do you do that, too?
I've written many of my songs
while I'm driving.
And it's something about the motion,
something about seeing people
pass me by,
and I don't know their story,
but I'll give them a story.
Like, I pass by a couple,
a man and a woman,
they may be in an argument,
and I was like,
"This is our last moment together,
and this..." You know...
- That's beautiful. - It is.
I mean, they were probably fighting
about he left the seat up.
And then he says,
"That's our last moment together."
Yeah, yeah, yeah, so the song is...
♪ Move along now, people
♪ There is nothing here to see
♪ It's just me and my lady
♪ Having our last memory... ♪
You know, that's the way
the song goes, but... Don't stop.
But that's not till...
That's not until the next record.
Now, your new record is inspired by
the legend Nat King Cole,
is that true?
Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
I came to Nat's music
when I was a young man,
six or seven.
And just his style, his image,
um, and his voice
was something I needed at the time.
In the absence of my father
hearing these words -
pick yourself up, dust yourself off,
start all over again,
smile though your heart is aching,
the greatest thing
you will ever learn
is just to love
and be loved in return -
- this is fatherly advice, in a way.
- Yeah. - So Nat has been, like,
a great inspiration for me
just over the years.
I think of a song that I wrote
for my son, Don't Lose Your Steam -
that's probably my own alliteration
of pick yourself up,
dust yourself off,
start all over again, you know...
OK.
Don't quit, don't give up,
keep going.
Nat King Cole fact.
1950s, he owned the concession
to sell the Messerschmitt mini car
in California.
Did you know that?
Bet you never knew that.
This is something I didn't know,
and I, like, I pride myself on,
like, really knowing a lot
about Nat.
This, I didn't know. Now I've got to
get me a Messerschmitt, you know.
- Chris is amazing, he knows
all kinds of stupid - BLEEP.
All right, let's take a look at
your tribute to Nat King Cole.
♪ Light up your face with gladness
♪ Hide every trace of sadness
♪ Although a tear
♪ May be ever so near
♪ That's the time
you must keep on trying
♪ Smile, what's the use of crying?
♪ You'll find that life
is still worthwhile
♪ If you just smile... ♪
Thank you.
- I want to watch the whole thing -
that was great. - Thank you, man.
That was great. Yeah.
You know it's funny,
you said something a second ago
about, you know,
being inspired by Nat King Cole and
that you wrote that for your son,
and it's kind of like,
is that how you discipline
your kids, through music?
Do you sing to them?
Because you're
a big, scary-looking guy.
Do you find they take it better
if you sing it to them?
You know it's funny,
last night, um, you know,
I'm talking to my son on Skype,
and he didn't want to go to bed.
And you know, the way my wife
puts, you know,
a little fear into my son
is to turn on one of my records
sometimes, and you know...
Right, you know, so if it's...
♪ Sitting on the top
of the roof... ♪
You know, he hears that and he's
like, you know, "Is Daddy home?"
Like, "No..."
"Get into bed, boy," you know?
Yeah.
OK, let's take a look at your
training lap with Chris out there.
How did it go with him?
We had a great time out there.
I mean, there is more than
driving going on,
I mean, you're conquering
your fears,
and your desires for safety
you're throwing out the window.
And you know, all of this
is happening and...
So we had a great time,
it was a party, really.
Well, let's take a look.
Gregory, it's an honour
to have you here down at the track
- and you brought sunshine with you.
- Yes, we have a lovely day here.
Daisies, buttercups,
the odd dandelion as well.
- You like a dandelion? - I love
a dandelion. Dandelion greens.
Now, we are in the automatic
version of Toyota's GT86,
which I think is a very pragmatic
decision from you.
Rather than waste time
trying to learn the stick
and the right-hand-drive thing,
let's just get on and go fast.
You know, I am a bit of
a smooth operator,
you know, and I like to
keep it smooth, so yeah.
Let's stick it in D.
Has anyone ever said that to you?
I'm not touching that.
You tell me you're a leisure driver,
but I hate to break it to you -
my job is to extract performance
from you, Gregory.
Yeah, well, listen to that engine,
baby,
this is no leisure
going on right now.
Come on, come on, come on!
- At the 150, we're going to brake.
- OK, we are braking a little bit.
Going to go out towards
the 50 board.
- Follow it to the arrow, and remember
what I said to you? - Yeah, hit it.
Go quick around this left, let's
feel a bit more, feel a bit more.
- That's good!
- It's so deceptive over here.
That... that... that's...
- It's very difficult to see
the horizon point, isn't it? - It is.
OK, round to the left, Chicago,
right-hand side.
- Go on, give it some gas,
give it some gas, give it some gas.
- Let's do it, unh! Here we go,
here we go. - Give it some...
- What was that noise? - Here we go!
- What was that noise?
Yes!
Can you make some of
those soulful noises?
- Unh! Ha-ha! Hey-hey!
- That's it, that's good.
This is mine, this is mine,
mine, Hammerhead.
- You are owning Hammerhead.
- Here we go, here we go!
- Now through between the tyres...
- Yeah. - ..and the grass.
This is the tyre wall.
Woo! Yes, to the left.
Brake at the 50, brake at the 50,
brake, brake, brake.
Harder brake, harder brake,
harder brake.
Brake, brake, left now, left now.
We could be off.
You said you wanted some grass!
I give you grass.
Over the line.
- Woo! - And let's stop there.
That was good!
Enjoy?
You are... you are...
You are a dark horse,
because you've come along,
Mr Soulful,
"I'm just going to palm it round."
But you know the lap,
and you're driving well.
Yeah, yeah, feels good, feels good.
I could do this... I could do this
for a career, actually.
- I think you could.
- You know, this music thing is,
you know - when it starts to
wind down, watch out.
Before we go any further,
come on, the crash helmet.
The guys in production
did you a special crash helmet...
- Yeah! - ..with the signature look.
I'm not sure it passes
any of the FIA standards,
but it's a lovely touch.
It looks great.
Yeah, yeah, that was a lot of fun.
And you guys are about
having fun here,
as well as, you know...
And I probably won't
drive the same any more.
I'll be like, you know...
You'll be the quick guy
in the neighbourhood now.
All right, let's talk car history.
What was your first car?
My first car was a '67 Galaxie 500.
Had a nice 390 in it...
You know, the first car
you learn how to drive in...
You know, I was going to school
at San Diego State,
and I was driving back and forth,
you know, four-hour drive,
going to see my mom
almost every other weekend.
And, you know,
that was my horse, you know?
And you have a relationship
with the horse that takes you home,
you know?
There's a big car theme
going on here, isn't there?
Yeah, there is.
One of my favourite cars that I had
was the '68 Lincoln Continental.
- You had one of those?
- Which is one of the longest cars.
- Look at that.
- And the back doors were suicide.
- Suicide doors. - Yeah.
And I would park near the ocean.
When I was in college,
I would park near the ocean
and open the doors and roll
the front seats all the way up
and, basically, the back seat
was essentially just a couch.
And I would just dream,
dream about stuff like this,
stuff like today.
And, you know,
so now it's a dream come true.
But, yeah, I loved that car.
That's a big car, you like big cars.
And speaking of big cars,
we've got a photo here
with a couple of big cars in them.
What's going on here?
Yeah, I was like a Rolls-Royce
ambassador for a few months
and we actually did a performance
at the factory here in the UK
and it was really amazing
to walk the assembly line.
I mean, things that you don't think
that you will ever do,
this was kind of one of them.
When you look at the sticker price
of a Rolls-Royce,
you think they're expensive,
then you see them being built
- and they suddenly look like good
value, don't they? - Right, right.
There's a sweet old lady stitching
the leather on the steering wheels.
It was really, really extraordinary.
So what is your dream car?
Um...
You know, the Bentley...
Er...
The Bentley Mulsanne, is, um...
Yeah, it's a beautiful car,
and I've had some opportunities
to ride in one.
- Yeah, it's great. - Cool.
- Well, I'm sure Rolls-Royce will be
happy to hear all about that. - Yeah.
OK, I think it's time
we take a look at your timed lap.
You're funny, man.
After you finished with Chris,
you went out there on your own
- and... what happened? - Um...
Well, I had an exciting time.
It ain't no fun unless
you experience the spin, baby.
You've got to know
where the limit is.
- Right, you have got to know where
the limit is. - Look at this. - Push.
Whoo!
- It made the best noise. - Yeah.
We all heard it, we heard it
and it started and it didn't end.
We were all going, "What was...?"
That's what I kept saying.
I was like, "When is this bad boy
going to stop?" And it didn't.
And how did it go when you
actually got a timed lap in?
- How do you think it went?
- I think it went pretty good.
I felt like I was pushing it,
I felt like I was, you know...
..owning Chicago
and owning, you know, Hammerhead.
I felt like...
I felt pretty good for a second.
- Well, let's take a look.
- Yeah, we'll see.
All right, pedal to the metal.
Nice and smooth off the line -
automatic, so you should be, really.
About to come down hard
on these brakes right...
..now.
The line looks good,
- the speed looks good. - Yeah.
Using most of the circuit as well.
This is tricky, you've got to get
the car turned into Chicago
and brake hard.
Keeping it real this time.
OK, here we go.
But, again, letting the car
run wide, using all the circuit.
Listen to that little 2-litre
four-cylinder motor sing.
Loving this straightaway. The
straightaways are nice and easy.
Why do you say "straightaway"?
It's a straight!
Braking hard into Hammerhead.
Flick left right -
that challenges the car massively.
I think that looks
like another good line.
Yeah, baby!
Give me what I want!
It's out of control
but it's in control, you know?
This is where we had to push you
harder through this right-hander,
- through the Follow-Through.
Again, that looks fast. - Yeah.
Through the tyre wall,
the scene of your spin.
A little bit of brake light.
Slightly mad but stay controlled,
there you go.
Second to last, now this is very
difficult to spot, isn't it?
- That's good over the inside. -!
Through Gambon, towards the line.
What are we going to see here,
some theatrics?
I reckon that's neat and tidy.
That looked like a fast lap.
Did pretty... That looked tight.
I'm not mad about it.
That looked pretty tight.
I don't know, I don't know.
I think I did all right.
I don't know.
All right, there's the leader board.
Where would you like to be?
You know, as long as I am above
Tinie Tempah, I think I'll be OK.
Cos, you know, I'm a jazz cat,
sometimes they think
the jazz cats
are a little too cool, but...
He had a wet time, so he's
down there cos it was raining.
- It was a rain time.
- Don't give him excuses.
Excuses, excuses. Yeah.
All right.
Gregory Porter, you went
around our humble little track
in one minute...
..40...
..three... AUDIENCE: Ooh!
Wow.
- ..point 4. - OK!
Fantastic result, mate.
Well done. Look at that.
That's all right.
- That's good. - A great effort.
I feel good about that.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Gregory Porter!
Thank you, guys. Thank you.
Thanks for coming. Thanks so much.
- I like that guy. - Yeah.
- What a good guy.
All right. Now, there are fast cars
and there are FAST cars,
but every now and then one comes
along that is so damn fast
that even grisly, seen-it-all-before
veterans like Chris Harris
get all giggly and excited.
So, have a look at this.
It's this.
The Porsche 911 GT2 RS.
A £230,000 riot...
..of wings, vents, holes
and stripes.
But before you dismiss it
as just a 911
that's been driven through Halfords
with a magnet strapped to it...
..trust me, this is one of the most
exciting cars of the decade.
Woo-hoo-hoo!
700 horsepower
from those twin turbos.
0 to 60? 2.7 seconds.
And a top speed of 211.
150, 160, 170...
That's insane.
Just sucks up the world
and punches you out the other side!
Wow!
Looks like a 911,
goes like a hyper car.
And you know the really crazy thing
about this car?
It's limited to 211
but, if it was left unlimited,
it would do 223mph.
And the only reason it
doesn't is that Porsche
would have to develop an entirely
new tyre to handle the speed.
Even as it is, though, don't worry -
the GT2 RS still gives its tyres
plenty to think about.
Not many cars can do this.
Watch this. Into Hammerhead,
a bit of a tweak one way,
a bit of a tweak the other.
Get it going in second,
grab third... Wait for it.
..grab fourth
and it's still sliding!
Whoa-ho-ho!
I've never driven a car
that can do that before.
This is the feral, deranged
banshee of a car.
This is a new level of hooliganry.
Now, Porsche has made GT2s before,
but they're always a bit
of an afterthought.
Take a 911 turbo,
remove the front driveshafts,
add some silly wings,
hope for the best.
But this one?
No, this is properly engineered.
Allow me to explain.
To save weight, the front wings,
bonnet, roof and rear spoiler
are all made of carbon fibre.
The wheels are magnesium,
the brakes carbon ceramic,
while, underneath the bodywork,
the engine features new pistons,
intercoolers, a new intake and...
..a titanium exhaust.
And the result
of this forensic overhaul
is the fastest production car
ever to lap the Nurburgring.
Yes!
Porsche, yes!
I'd like to say
it's a racing car for the road.
But I don't think
I've ever driven a racing car
that accelerates like this.
Listen to those gear changes.
This is the best paddle-shift
gearbox I've ever driven,
and I'm using the lever
in the middle.
Makes me feel
like a '90s touring car racer.
Rargh!
And spare a thought
for the traction control,
because in a road car
this track-focused,
make no mistake,
it is a life-saver.
I mean, these buttons,
when you turn everything off,
you've got to be
really, really careful.
They called the old GT2 RS
"The Widow Maker",
but this new one
is faster and scarier.
So what does that make it?
The Grim Reaper?
Typically, the producers
wanted to find out
and told me to report
back for a little test...
..in conditions like this.
And the producers have ordered me
to demonstrate
just how scary the GT2 RS is
by using their latest invention,
the Fear-O-Meter 3000.
Which says here
is "quantifying pant-based panic
"by measuring
the emissions of the driver".
Just demeaning.
Ridiculous.
I was the road test editor
of Autocar.
So standard 911 going first
to give us a base reading
because this is science. Allegedly.
You just don't want those cables
and the crocodile clip...
Traction control off,
lairy as possible round Hammerhead.
400 horsepower, rear-wheel drive,
let's see what it's like.
I mean, it's just
so easy and smooth.
Loads of torque,
barely moving the steering wheel.
It feels lovely.
Not much to be scared of there.
What have we got here?
87.
Ooh, I don't know what that means.
87...
"Mild puckering".
Seems about right.
Now the GT2 RS.
I won't lie,
I'm fairly nervous about this.
Good Lord!
Second gear, second gear.
That's way too lairy,
let's try third.
Third's just as bad.
What about fourth?
God...
It's like a wasp with toothache.
Whoa!
And stop, and please stop.
793?!
793...
"Extreme seepage"?
And that, supposedly, is science.
I think a boil wash
for the Fear-O-Meter.
A boil wash.
Grim Reaper it is, then.
But here's the thing
about the GT2 RS.
Right, now, don't be silly,
turn everything back on.
Let it help you
and, in these conditions,
it is breathtaking.
Woohoo!
Look at that.
This is now the un-spinnable
700 horsepower 911.
The real hero here
is the chassis systems,
the traction control, the stability,
the endless hours that Porsche spent
driving round racetracks going,
"Add a bit as assistance there,
take that away."
Those are the real heroes
of this car
because, without them,
I don't think it would be drivable.
What a machine.
This is a flipping triumph,
this thing is. It's so clever.
Big turbo-charged super cars
were always quite flabby and loose,
they were imprecise.
You needed lots of space around you
to give them room
for what they might do.
But not the GT2 RS.
OK, it's intimidating
and it's bloody fast
and it will spit you off
if you turn all the systems off,
but leave them on...
Well, this thing is so capable.
In fact, it's much more than that.
The GT2 RS is a savage,
ferocious machine,
its enormous power tamed
by some of the finest engineering
I've ever experienced in a road car.
I think, most of all, it just
feels like it's been developed
by a bunch of people
who really love driving
and also really know how to drive.
Quite simply, it is nothing
short of a masterpiece.
Porsche has always made
some of the best sports cars,
but this might just be
the greatest fast 911 ever built.
There, I said it.
Come on.
Unreal.
It is not very often
that I'll say this,
but I am jealous of you.
That looked absolutely berserk.
I love this car. 700 horsepower?
You know the craziest thing?
All you need
is a normal driver's licence.
Yeah, if you're allowed
to drive a Smart car,
you're allowed drive this.
That's like... That's like taking
a basic first-aid course
and being allowed
to do open heart surgery.
Honestly, it's one of
the fastest cars I've ever driven.
In fact, it must be one
of the fastest cars ever made.
Surely it's right at the top
of our leader board.
It's got to be right
near the top, if not at the top.
So what do we do?
We send it around our track...
..with the Stig.
700 horsepower, two-wheel-drive 911.
Stiggy looking very calm,
using all the track.
Look how flat the thing is.
Over 550 foot-pounds of torque.
Not that heavy, about 1,450 kg.
This has got the Weissach pack,
which has got a titanium
rear cage in it.
Look how stable the thing looks -
the 991's got a longer wheelbase
and a wider front tractor,
so it has less understeer
than older 911s.
It means it can carry speed.
That Michelin Cup 2 tyre -
super sticky, about three compounds
across it, giving massive grip.
Look at the traction out of here -
it'll rocket out of Hammerhead.
Just winding up through the gears.
He's a very happy man
in his white suit.
Again, using all the track.
Very calmly tipping it
in through Follow-Through.
A lot of aero on this car as well -
that wing is not just cosmetic.
My God, oversteer on the exit.
I mean, that was a Code Brown.
Braking hard on the second to last.
Look at the way that it just keys
into the tarmac.!
Using all of the track,
a little bit of a slide.
Through Gambon. I mean, it looks
speeded up. It looks speeded up!
Wow!
I'm excited, come on.
OK.
The lap board. Now, we're not
looking anywhere down here -
we're looking way up here
at the top.
The McLaren 675 LT,
the fastest car ever,
around our track at 1.13.7.
- That's pretty quick.
- That's stupid quick.
Can a 911 really beat that?
I don't know, let's find out.
- Shall we find out? Yeah.
- Yeah!
OK.
The new Porsche 911 GT2 RS
went round in one minute...
..13...
Ooh!
..point 4!
There it is.
We have a new champion.
- That's incredible. - Fantastic.
That is incredible, yeah.
That is incredible. I-I'm not sure
that's going to be beaten.
Yeah, it'll be a while
before something beats that.
And on that record-breaking note,
we must end the show.
We'll see you next week.
Goodnight.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org